{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Write the following functions: first in plain english (i.e. how would you find the solution), then in javascript. Then call said functions:\
\
1. Write a function that takes two numbers and tells me whether they are equal or not.\
\
2. Write a function that takes two numbers and tells me if they aren\'92t equal. BONUS: extend the functionality of function 1).\
\
3. Write a function that takes one number and does the operation arg1!. This is called a factorial. 5! = 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1\
\
4. For two given numbers write me a function that finds the least common multiple\
\
5. For two given numbers write me a function that finds the greatest common factor\
\
6. For two given numbers: arg1 and arg2, write me a function that tells me if arg1 is divisible by arg2\
\
7. Fibonacci sequence. A fibonacci sequence is defined as the following sequence of numbers:\
0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21 34 55 89 144\'85 infinity\
a. First define for me the pattern in plain english. \
b. write a function that takes a single argument. The output of this function should be the sequence up to that point. For example if I put said fibonacci(1) I should get 0. If I said fibonacci(4) it should print out 0 1 1 2.\
\
8. Create a function that takes a number. Then inside the function create a counter that counts up to the number that you passed in. When the counter is divisible by 2 print \'93fizz\'94. When the number is divisible by 3 print \'93buzz\'94. When the number is divisible by 2 and 3 print \'93fizzbuzz\'94}